Adding new page to Website for Success Stories (Jun, Garima, Baidyanath, etc.) (#110)
compiler-research/compiler-research.github.io: _pages/stories.md

Cling-REPL provides REPL (read–eval–print loop) functionality for interactive 
programming. Moving parts of Cling-REPL to upstream Clang repository in the 
Clang-REPL component helps push the advancements achieved in Cling-REPL to a 
wider audience.

Following are the relevant patches:

- [Add a new annotation token: annot_repl_input_end](https://reviews.llvm.org/D148997)

- [Introduce Value to capture expression results](https://reviews.llvm.org/D141215)

- [Implement Value pretty printing](https://reviews.llvm.org/D146809)

A brief explanation of these changes can be found in the Clang-REPL document:

- [Clang-REPL](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangRepl.html)

### Technical debt alleviation

Besides making useful contributions to help the High Energy Physics (HEP) 
field, he was also able to land critical patches to the upstream LLVM 
repositories, that will reduce the technical debt and help Compiler Research 
Org adapt the upcoming LLVM versions more seamlessly. Some examples can be
seen [here](https://reviews.llvm.org/D131241) 
and [here](https://reviews.llvm.org/D130831).

### How leading companies can utilize this technology

> Clang-REPL/Cling are most commonly used by engineers at CERN for High Energy 
> Physics (HEP) computations, but wider applications are possible for different 
> research and data science areas, especially when **fast prototyping** is a 
> major requirement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cling are most commonly used by engineers at CERN for High Energy 
Physics (HEP) computations. The goal of Clang-REPL is to generalize
Cling and broaden the user base  for different research and data 
science areas, especially when **fast prototyping** is a  major
 requirement. 
```
